# How-does-design-thinking-enhance-leadership-skills-in-women-entrepreneurs 
In a business strategy, if you incorporate design thinking, it forms a safe, empowering work environment, and the way of communication qualifies leaders to engross their teams in the direction where the sum of the parts creates rapid change for the organization. The design thinking abilities can boost the leadership skills of women by using the conventional and user-centric technique, which outspreads itself well to the cooperative and communicative method and leanings of women leaders.
How does design thinking help in leveraging the business?

Women entrepreneurs and leaders should be vested to consider leveraging design thinking abilities as they aim for theevolutionof their businesses with advanced procedure. Therefore, just by supporting and nurturing their employees, so that they serve their best to the clients and customers by developing products and services that are centered on end-users. In the end design thinking abilities can help women entrepreneurs and leaders in designing better environments for themselves, their employees, and to drive their business.

The importance of design thinking in business incorporates phases of design thinking. The phases include question, care, connect and commitment. These are the four most significant phases to get successful designer thinking results and to achieve substantial breakthroughs.
The women entrepreneurs can incorporate design thinking for business strategy just by identifying who is their existing and future clients or customers are. They can also conduct some research to know the customers in a better way.The research will help them into know their certainty, before interacting with them, throughout the interaction and after the interaction with them. And once this is done, they will be able to propose solutions with their design thinking abilities so that their business can get the best outcomes and can respond more effectively to the customer’s certainty. If the upcoming entrepreneurs absorb these simple design thinking abilities, they will get innovative keys that would differentiate them from the others and that means their businesses will flourish.

Innovation or advancement is important for entrepreneurs, who want to change the world. And as an outcome of this <a href="https://www.empoweress.in/leadership-management/design-thinking-basics-for-entrepreneurs/">importance of design thinking in business</a> and innovation in entrepreneurship, have a huge place set aside in the lives of all startup enthusiasts, visionaries, and trendsetters.


“Design thinking for business strategy can help the startup ecosystem of women entrepreneurs as Design thinking abilities have spun the table of business strategy. Design thinking for business strategy starts with the customers. As it is all about knowing the customers well. What do they need? Where are the customers from? What are they attracted to or bothered about?” The importance of design thinking in business is all about making the startup ecosystem for women entrepreneurs’ proficient of meeting all the needs of the customers with solutions. 

And to achieve that, the design thinking abilities should be formed with the help of policy and program and take a gendered lens to splendidly design programs, policies so that the entire organizations drive better outcomes with advance equality.
